\chapter{Event Selection}
\label{event_selection_chapter}

This chapter details the requirements used to select events for the analysis.
It also covers the data used and the Monte Carlo (MC) used. The final state we
are considering is \Ztoee.

\section{Data and Monte Carlo}

\subsection{Data}

\TODO{Figure of lumis \label{fig:2012_luminosity}}

The data used in this analysis were collected by the CMS detector in 2012 at a
center of mass energy of \rootseight. The LHC delivered 23 \fbinv of integrated
luminosity during the year as seen in \FIG~\ref{fig:2012_luminosity}. This
period was divided into four eras called 2012A, B, C, and D. During an era, the
LHC run parameters are kept roughly static to allow for consistent data taking
conditions. In between eras, maintenance and minor upgrades are performed on
the LHC in order to deliver higher luminosity. After accounting for detector
dead time and beam quality, \GoodLumiNumber of integrated luminosity are used
for physics analysis.

The data collected by CMS are split into smaller datasets based on the physics
objects contained within the events. This allows analyses to use only one or
two datasets, instead of requiring them to deal with the entirety of the CMS
data (which is petabyte scale, and hence too large for most institutes to store
locally). The HLT sorts events into the various datasets based on the triggers
that the event fired. In this manner, and event can end up in multiple datasets
if it fired multiple triggers. This analysis uses the \SingleElectron dataset
which was collected with the HLT trigger \SingleElectronTrigger. These datasets
were reconstructed---converted from raw detector response into physics
objects---in January, 2013, in order to make use of the most recent
calibrations derived from the entire 2012 run. A summary of the datasets used
are listed in \TAB~\ref{table:datasets}.

\begin{table}[h]
\centering
\begin{center}
    \begin{tabular}{ | l | c | c |}
    \hline
	Dataset Name                          & Run Range      & Luminosity       \\ \hline
	/SingleElectron/Run2012A-22Jan2013-v1 & 190456--193621 & $889.362 \pbinv$ \\ \hline
	/SingleElectron/Run2012B-22Jan2013-v1 & 193833--196531 & $4.429 \fbinv$   \\ \hline
	/SingleElectron/Run2012C-22Jan2013-v1 & 198022--203742 & $7.152 \fbinv$   \\ \hline
	/SingleElectron/Run2012D-22Jan2013-v1 & 203777--208686 & $7.318 \fbinv$   \\ \hline
    \end{tabular}
\end{center}
\caption{
    The datasets used in this analysis.
}
\label{table:datasets}
\end{table}
