% experiment.tex: Chapter describing the experiment

\chapter{The CMS Experiment}
\label{experiment_chapter}

\section{The Large Hadron Collider}
\label{lhc_section}

The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the worlds highest energy and largest
particle accelerator with a maximum design luminosity of 14\TeV and a radius of
2804\meters \cite{bruning2004}. It collides protons on protons. In 2012, when
LHC most recently produced collisions, it had a center of mass energy of 7\TeV;
when it turns back on in 2015 after upgrades it will run at either 13\TeV or
14\TeV.

The LHC is located near Geneva, Switzerland, although parts of the accelerator
(including \pointfive, where the CMS detector is located) are in France.

A number of smaller accelerators are used together in series to accelerate
protons to the energies necessary to be injected into the LHC. The first step
is a linear accelerator, \linactwo, which accelerates protons from rest to to
50\MeV. These protons are then injected into a chain of three circular
accelerators, each injecting into the next. The first of these accelerators is
the Proton Synchrotron Booster (PSB) which accelerates the protons to 1.4\GeV.
The second is the Proton Synchrotron (PS) which accelerates the protons to
26\GeV. The third and final accelerator in the Super Proton Synchrotron (SPS)
which accelerates the protons to 450\GeV and injects directly into the LHC.

Bunches of protons are accelerated using this system and injected into the LHC
to form two, counter-rotating beams. When the desired number of bunches have
been injected into the LHC, the LHC accelerates them to 4\TeV. When the beams
have reached their nominal energy, they are focused and brought into collision
at four different points on the ring where the various experiments (\ALICE,
\ATLAS, \LHCB, and CMS) are located.

The beams are steered around the accelerator ring by a series of
superconducting, dipole magnets. When running at a center of mass energy of
8\TeV, these magnets operate at roughly 7.5\Tesla. There are also quadrapole
and some higher order magnets around the ring used to focus the beams. The
bunches of protons are accelerated by 16 superconducting radio frequency
cavities. These cavities accelerate slower protons while slowing faster ones,
thereby keeping the proton bunches compact in both real and momentum space.
There is room for 2808 bunches in LHC, although in 2012 there were only
\TODO{how many bunches?}.

The LHC is also the highest luminosity collider in the world. The instantaneous
luminosity is given by 
\begin{equation}
    \luminosity=fn\frac{N^{2}}{\sigma}
\end{equation} where $f$ is the frequency of interaction (which is fixed by the
LHC's circumference), $n$ is the number of bunches in a beam, $N$ is the
number of protons per bunch (with the $N^{2}$ coming from the assumption that
there are the same number of protons in the two colliding bunches), and
$\sigma$ is the area profile of the beams. Although a higher luminosity means
more particles are produced and more data can be collected, the maximum
luminosity is limited by several practical factors. The first factor is cost; a
higher luminosity general requires a more expensive machine as the ring is
either made larger or the technology needed to run the machine is made more
complex. The second is the challenge that higher luminosities present to the
analyzers. The luminosity can be increased by increasing the number of protons
in a bunch or by squeezing the bunches more tightly, but eventually the
probability of getting multiple proton-proton interactions per bunch crossing
becomes large, leading to a phenomenon known as pileup. These extra interactions
add additional particles to the detector and can make it difficult to separate
interesting events from uninteresting background. The luminosity can also be
increased by increasing the number of bunches in the machine, but this
decreases the time between the collisions and leads to a phenomenon known as
out of time pileup which can also obscure interesting events. In 2012, the
optimal luminosity was achieved by running with bunches spaced by 50\ns instead
of the design nominal bunch spacing of 25\ns. The decision to use this bunch
spacing was driven by \linactwo which had trouble injecting high population
bunches.
